add insight to which agent processes and versions support SGC (#34878)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/configuration/secrets-management.md

  <KEY_1>: <VALUE_1>
```

#### Supported Agent processes

| Component | Description  | Version |
|---|---|---|
| [**Datadog Agent**](/agent/) | The core Agent that powers Infrastructure Monitoring and Log Management. Runs on every host, VM, and container node. | 7.70+ |
| [**Metrics** (DogStatsD)](/developers/dogstatsd/) | Ingests custom metrics submitted by your applications. Typically runs as part of the Datadog Agent. | 7.70+ |
| [**Application Performance Monitoring** (APM)](/tracing/) | Collects traces and profiles from your applications. Typically runs as part of the Datadog Agent. | 7.70+ |
| [**Container Monitoring** (Cluster Agent)](/containers/cluster_agent/) | Powers Kubernetes and Container Monitoring at the cluster level. Enabled by default in Helm and Operator deployments. | 7.77+ |

> <div class="alert alert-info">Native secrets fetching is the recommended approach for managing secrets in the Datadog Agent. If your deployment includes other Agent processes or versions that do not support it, use <a href="#option-2-using-the-built-in-script-for-kubernetes-and-docker">Option 2</a> or <a href="#option-3-creating-a-custom-executable">Option 3</a> for those configurations.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Datadog recommends native secrets fetching for managing secrets in the Datadog Agent. If your deployment includes other Agent processes or versions that do not support native secrets fetching, use <a href="#option-2-using-the-built-in-script-for-kubernetes-and-docker">Option 2</a> or <a href="#option-3-creating-a-custom-executable">Option 3</a> for those configurations.</div>
```
